Nonlinear centroidal dynamics for locomotion (#125)
Simple-Robotics/aligator: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a pair filter strategy as an alternative to linesearch methods
- Add a python example of a locomotion OCP with the robot Talos

> - Add two nonlinear centroidal dynamics whose control is respectively contact forces and derivative of contact forces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add two nonlinear centroidal dynamical models, where the control is respectively contact forces and their time derivative
```

Reviewer: Moreover these additions should be under "Unreleased". Don't know how the previous changes since the last release got added under 0.4.0 but that was a mistake
